1. Where we use interface and abstract class in real time.
2. What happens when concrete class extends abstract class what will it tell us to do
3. What happens when have multiple catch with first one with Exception and second catch with NoSuchElementException
4. When should we use throw & throws
5. how our project automation frameworks implemented



1.	What is JDK? Difference between JDK, JRE.
2.	What is Collections in JAVA? Why are they used? List down few and their uses. 
3.	What are the different modifiers and specifiers? 
4.	What do you mean by polymorphism? What is the differences between Method overloading and method overriding.
5.	Find the element in given array. What is the searching technique you have used now? Can you solve the above program in faster way? Need to explain binary searching algorithm.
6.	What is spring? What have you done in previous project using this? Explain the basic architecture of the previous project and intro to all modules.
7.	Have you used Selenium before? How to select, click any element, absolute and relative xpath. 


1.	What is the difference between Array and ArrayList.
2.	What is HashMap? Explain about it.
3.	What is heap and stack memory in JAVA
4.	Is String mutable? Difference between String,  String Builder, String Buffer.
5.	What are the new features introduces in Java 8? What is the current version of JDK.
6.	Explain the concept of lambda functions, Generics.
7.	Why do we use package in Java
8.	What is constructor? What are the uses of this and super keyword
9.	What is the return type of constructor
10.	Why do we use static methods and variables.
11.	Differences between final, finally, finalize
12.	Differences between throw and throws keyword
13.	Difference between extends and implements
14.	Is multiple inheritance possible in Java? Justify
15.	Can we override the static methods.
16.	What is abstract class? Difference between abstract class and Interface
17.	Difference between aggregation and compositions
18.	What is thread in Java. How to create one
19.	What is runtime polymorphism
20.	How do you handle exception in Java. How to catch multiple exception, create your custom exceptions. 
21.	What is the difference between equals() and == operator. 
22.	Difference between list and Set, HashMap and TreeMap, Set and Map, Comparable and Comparator, ArrayList and LinkedList
23.	Why do we use property file in Java
24.	What is Singleton Pattern and Do you know how to make it Thread-Safe and Fast?
25.	How Garbage collection work in Java.


1.	Write a function to find out longest palindrome in a given string?
2.	In an array 1-100 exactly one number is duplicate how do you find it
3.	Generate Fibonacci series using recursion and for loop
4.	Demonstrate explicit wait conditions, all links from Gmail, switch to previous tab
5.	Demonstrate hashmap in Java